com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentWalkThroughBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentWalkThroughBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentAccountDetails3BindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentAccountDetails3BindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/notification/MyFirebaseIdService.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.notification.MyFirebaseIdService
com/example/successsynergyapp/model/ModelServiceProvider.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.model.ModelServiceProvider
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityUserFormBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityUserFormBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityUserFormBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityUserFormBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/auth/UserTypeActivity.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.auth.UserTypeActivity
 com.example.successsynergyapp.auth.UserTypeActivity$1
 com.example.successsynergyapp.auth.UserTypeActivity$2
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutUserProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutUserProfileBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentWalkThroughBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentWalkThroughBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutHomeBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutHomeBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutFormDetailBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutFormDetailBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityViewFormBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityViewFormBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/notification/APIService.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.notification.APIService
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/home/search/SearchActivity.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.search.SearchActivity
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.search.SearchActivity$1
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.search.SearchActivity$2
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.search.SearchActivity$3
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/home/adpaters/AllTabLayoutAdapter.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AllTabLayoutAdapter
com/example/successsynergyapp/notification/Token.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.notification.Token
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutItemSearchBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutItemSearchBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentAccountDetails3Binding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentAccountDetails3Binding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentAccountDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentAccountDetailsBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentFormBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentFormBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/notification/MyFireBaseMessagingService.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.notification.MyFireBaseMessagingService
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityWalkThroughBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityWalkThroughBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutItemPopularBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutItemPopularBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutFormDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutFormDetailBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/notification/Data.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.notification.Data
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutItemGeneralBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutItemGeneralBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/model/ModelForm.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.model.ModelForm
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/home/adpaters/AdapterSearch.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AdapterSearch
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AdapterSearch$Holder
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentSignUpBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentSignUpBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutSearchBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutSearchBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutUserProfileBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutUserProfileBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentAccountDetails2Binding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentAccountDetails2Binding
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/home/adpaters/AdapterItemGeneral.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AdapterItemGeneral
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AdapterItemGeneral$Holder
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/notification/NotificationFragment.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.notification.NotificationFragment
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.notification.NotificationFragment$1
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentSingleAdBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentSingleAdBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/auth/AccountDetails2Fragment.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.auth.AccountDetails2Fragment
 com.example.successsynergyapp.auth.AccountDetails2Fragment$1
 com.example.successsynergyapp.auth.AccountDetails2Fragment$2
 com.example.successsynergyapp.auth.AccountDetails2Fragment$3
com/example/successsynergyapp/utils/RealPathUtils.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.utils.RealPathUtils
com/example/successsynergyapp/utils/test.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.utils.test
com/example/successsynergyapp/BR.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.BR
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutItemSearchBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutItemSearchBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityWalkThroughBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityWalkThroughBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutSingleFormQuestionBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutSingleFormQuestionBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutItemPopularBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutItemPopularBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityUserTypeBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityUserTypeBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityEditProfileBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityEditProfileBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentSingleAdBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentSingleAdBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityViewFormBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityViewFormBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentIndividualAllBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentIndividualAllBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutItemGeneralBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutItemGeneralBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutSingleFormQuestionBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutSingleFormQuestionBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.DataBindingInfo
com/example/successsynergyapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.successsynergyapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.successsynergyapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentSignUpBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentSignUpBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/home/adpaters/AdapterItemTopRated.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AdapterItemTopRated
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AdapterItemTopRated$Holder
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentProfileBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/form/adapters/AdapterSingleForm.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.form.adapters.AdapterSingleForm
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.form.adapters.AdapterSingleForm$holder
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.form.adapters.AdapterSingleForm$onAdapterClicked
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentAccountDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentAccountDetailsBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/notification/MyResponse.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.notification.MyResponse
com/example/successsynergyapp/model/ModelUser.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.model.ModelUser
com/example/successsynergyapp/notification/Client.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.notification.Client
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentFormBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentFormBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/notification/adapters/AdapterNotification.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.notification.adapters.AdapterNotification
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.notification.adapters.AdapterNotification$1
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.notification.adapters.AdapterNotification$holder
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutHomeBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/model/ModelAds.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.model.ModelAds
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentAccountDetails2BindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentAccountDetails2BindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/form/ViewFormActivity.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.form.ViewFormActivity
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.form.ViewFormActivity$1
com/example/successsynergyapp/auth/AuthActivity.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.auth.AuthActivity
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityEditProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityEditProfileBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/ActivityUserTypeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.ActivityUserTypeBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/notification/NotificationSender.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.notification.NotificationSender
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/form/adapters/AdapterSingleQuestion.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.form.adapters.AdapterSingleQuestion
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.form.adapters.AdapterSingleQuestion$1
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.form.adapters.AdapterSingleQuestion$holder
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/LayoutSearchBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.LayoutSearchBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/utils/AllPermissionsUtils.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.utils.AllPermissionsUtils
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/home/IndividualAllFragment.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.IndividualAllFragment
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
com/example/successsynergyapp/dashboard/home/adpaters/AdapterItemPopular.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AdapterItemPopular
 com.example.successsynergyapp.dashboard.home.adpaters.AdapterItemPopular$Holder
com/example/successsynergyapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/successsynergyapp/databinding/FragmentIndividualAllBinding.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.databinding.FragmentIndividualAllBinding
com/example/successsynergyapp/utils/Constants.java
 com.example.successsynergyapp.utils.Constants
